LUMI-K documentation (#259)
Lumi-supercomputer/lumi-userguide: docs/runjobs/lumi-k/usage/storage/object_storage.md

            cpu: "500m"
        ports:
          - containerPort: 8080
        volumeMounts:
        - name: myvol
          mountPath: /mnt
      volumes:
      - name: myvol
        persistentVolumeClaim:
          claimName: nginx-pvc

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: nginx-svc
spec:
  selector:
    app: nginx
  ports:
  - port: 8080

---
apiVersion: route.openshift.io/v1
kind: Route
metadata:
  name: nginx-route
spec:
  host: ""
  path: /
  to:
    kind: Service
    name: nginx-svc
  tls:
    insecureEdgeTerminationPolicy: Redirect
    termination: edge

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
metadata:
  name: nginx-pvc
spec:
  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 1Gi
  accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
  storageClassName: standard-csi
```

Save the file and use this command to deploy it: `oc apply -f {name_of_yaml_file}`
The deployment is using a `PersistentVolumeClaim` for our example.

Now we have our running `nginx` pod, we want want to copy the content of the PVC to LUMI-O. We will use a new deployment
with a `rclone` Docker image.

### First example: using another pod

Create a `rclone.conf` with your `access_key_id` and `secret_access_key`.

> If you don't have `access_key_id` and `secret_access_key`, you need to generate them as described [here](../../../../storage/lumio/auth-lumidata-eu.md#environment-variables)-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have `access_key_id` and `secret_access_key`, you need to generate them as described [here](../../../../storage/lumio/auth-lumidata-eu.md#authentication-credentials)
```

Reviewer: Or was there some reason why you would like to direct to the end of the page to 'Environment variables' ?

Reviewer 2: fixed in [d7b28ff](https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/lumi-userguide/pull/259/commits/d7b28ff4bd93ca6f8db86f2baa1964a5937602d8)

> 

Reviewer: Couple of other comments:

- It is also possible to create configuration templates in auth.lumidata.eu/ . This is described shortly on the /lumio/auth-lumidata-eu.md page, but it's not in such a way that one could directly link to this info, since it's there in the middle of the page. It reads:
"It's also possible to download a configuration template for different object storage clients like shell, boto3, rclone, s3cmd and aws. After selecting the desired object storage client and clicking "Generate" opens the output in a new browser tab."

- I have made this example where it's described how to use rclone from you local laptop /storage/lumio/connect-local/
In case you would think it's useful to link here

Reviewer 2: I think this page is mostly like short quick start examples for configuration required from lumi-k end so a reference to the general lumi-o access page is good enough. From that page it is intuitive to know what options are available to generate the access keys.

For the second link `/storage/lumio/connect-local/`, I think that it relevant for the second example. I can add it there.

Reviewer 2: added in [ecb5318](https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/lumi-userguide/pull/259/commits/ecb53181228b45337545eb64a791c7049b42c590)

### Second example: using bash script

For the following script to work, we assume that you have the `rclone` command-line program installed and LUMI-O
bucket name is created. The `rclone.conf` should be set on your local system as explained [here](../../../../storage/lumio/connect-local.md). LUMI-O bucket can also be created using rclone as

> described [here](http://localhost:8000/storage/lumio/clients-general/#rclone).

Reviewer: You have a localhost link here

Reviewer 2: ah my bad. fixed in [68654d3](https://github.com/Lumi-supercomputer/lumi-userguide/pull/259/commits/68654d3f33a99b42c1307c66a8a0994d9eafa8d9)
